
I was in Baja on a surf/camp trip at a remote spot surrounded by miles of desert. On the way in I tried to cross a stream in my 66 Volvo wagon, the car in front of me made it so I tried to follow the same path stalled the engine. So there was someone already at the surf spot that had a large 4x4 truck and he towed me out. Except that he tied the rope that he used to part of my front suspension and pulled a ball joint out of its socket.

We set out on our trip expecting that our vehicle  was running properly and that all would be well, but shortly after we passed the Kansas border the engine started to run a little hot.  We were feeling a bit hungry and decided it would be a good time to stop and get a bite to eat and give the engine and ourselves  a chance to cool off, since the outside temperature was about 90 degrees at the time.  We enjoyed our lunch and set out on the road again, not anticipating any problems.  And we didn’t have any,  until we had just driven through Joliet, Illinois.  It was late afternoon, traffic was extremely heavy, and it was beginning to get very hot!  Both under the hood and in the front seat!  Did I mention we were driving a truck with a camper?  Here we are, in the middle of rush hour traffic in unfamiliar territory, driving an overheating truck with a camper.  
Please help.


My wife had a 1991 Jetta. Sweet little car, but you couldn't get anyone to fix it for anything. Especially where we lived. The alternator went out, and we had a local shop fix it. Unfortunately, they didn't use a Bosch part.

So we had some friends visiting, and we drove out of town for the weekend to hang out and have fun. On the way back, we got stuck in a little pig town because the alternator belt came off (the wrong-sized pulley on the non-Bosch alternator ate it in half). We managed to use some shoestrings to get us another few exits up the road before we had to pull into a Huddle House. We tried to get a hotel, but for some reason, every hotel in this crappy little town was completely booked up. So we ate at the Huddle House, slept in the car, and then called a friend to pick us up in the morning. Had the car towed to a shop that charged me some obscene amount of money to replace the pulley and alternator belt.



Driving down 77 in rush hour my heater core burst open instantly filling the inside of my car with white steam from the radiator. I couldn't see a thing, none of the cars around me I was doing a good 75 when it happened. I was in the fast lane so the wall was to my left and all the traffic was to my right. I just hit the blinkers, rolled down the window and stuck my head and shoulders out just to see. the smoke started to clear after a bit and I made to the trouble lane without wreaking but dam that was a rush.

customer calling for car breakdown , providing location details requesting assistance mechanic reaching till customer prelimnary input on vehicle condition engine oil loss glass break tyre puncture gear break accident smoke coming from vehicle or car or bike or motor  dents fire break failure nuts and bolts , help