"I went to Right Way Auto for a safety and an oil change because of all the great reviews. The work my vehicle needed was completed quickly and professionally. And Andrey helped anyway he could. Highly recommend!"

"Very knowledgeable, friendly staff, going well beyond to accommodate their customers needs. Their prices are very reasonable and I never feel like an unnecessary repair is pushed down on me. Highly recommend them."

"The quality of the work and customer service is top notch. Both times I had been in they offered advice and options to choose from with no sales pressure. While my was in they inspected it and offered to fix minor issues at a very reasonable price and offer assurances the car was otherwise in good working order. I will be taking my car there from now on."

“I came to this auto shop specifically because of the great ratings on Yelp, and I was incredibly disappointed in the service.  I was having problems with my power steering and my brakes were screeching (they were so bad people on the street were turning to stare at me when I drove by!) Based on the reviews here I was expecting really friendly service, fair pricing, someone to clearly explain the problems with my car to me and to drive away with the car fixed.  Unfortunately, I experienced none of these things.

They weren’t rude per-se, but the folks in the office were really stand-offish. My power steering problem was straightforward so I understood that, but I didn’t understand what they were saying was wrong with the brakes. Rather than explain it, the guy in the office acted like I was a moron and was really annoyed to have to explain it to me.

I HATE this attitude at auto shops and avoiding it was the reason I ultimately chose this shop. It was really frustrating to be treated this way. After I got my car back — ($1600 later….) the power steering worked great so two stars for that, but the brakes were still screeching.  I took the car back for them to figure out why their expensive repair didn’t fix the problem but they couldn’t. Instead they just told me over and over that there was nothing wrong with the brakes. I expect to pay a lot for major repairs, so that wasn’t a surprise, but I also expect to be treated with respect and for the problem to actually be fixed after I fork over almost 2 grand. Again, really frustrating since I know brakes aren’t supposed to screech like that. I’ll be taking my business elsewhere for a second opinion on the brakes and wouldn’t recommend this second rate auto shop to anyone.”

Let me tell you about me and myself first, I am a mechanic with over 20yrs experience, that said.. I had a car for sale and my prospect wanted a pre-purchase inspection done. Ok no problem so he chose this place. 2 weeks prior to me selling the car I had just got done putting a brand new clutch in. So this place keeps the car for a few hrs and tells me right to my face the car passed, I am thinking great! My prospect calls me an hr later with what the shop told him. The shop said the brakes were shot, the clutch was going out and the trans was bad, all lies and they wanted something to the tune of $1,200 for “future” repairs. This was all bold face lies because another prospect took the same car to a different shop in LO and they passed it with flying colors. Hacks at Tom Dwyer, yes dont go there, there filthy liars! 

"Very knowledgeable, friendly staff, going well beyond to accommodate their customers needs. Their prices are very reasonable and I never feel like an unnecessary repair is pushed down on me. Highly recommend them."

Great place to take your car if you are looking for trust worthy service at a very competitive price. I found the staff very kind but most importantly knowledgeable. I have serviced my car here several times now and will continue to come back in the near future. Thanks Guys! Great work!"

"I would recommend Right Way Auto Repair Shop to anyone who needs an honest garage to go to with their car. Andrey and his lovely wife are the nicest people, trustworthy, so when you go there you know they will not take you to the cleaners with unnecessary repairs. My whole family goes there. It is so hard to find decent garage owners and their staff of mechanics are great workers. Just thought I let everyone know, wanted to do it for a long time."