I had asked you to repair the AC of my Honda but seems like it has not been repaired well. Since it is only cooling for 5-10 minutes when I start the car and then again, it blows hot air. I would like you to examine it again. I shall visit your workshop tomorrow my receipt number is 487373.
The problem that I was facing before the repair was with the pickup and after repairing, I do not see any difference. I would like you to examine and repair it again. My receipt number is N647429.
On Wednesday, November 20, I called your shop and informed your representatives that my vents were not working. I could not get defrosting, air conditioning or heat to work in my car. After checking out my vehicle, your representatives confirmed the problem and provided me with the fair quote of $130 to fix the issue entirely. I agreed.

On Friday, the repairs were finished and I felt satisfied that my car was defrosting, heating and blowing cool air again. However, in the week since I have returned home with my car, I have come to realize that the renewed functions are limited to the front vents, not the back. This means that I am unable to defrost my vehicle in the morning or to keep it from fogging up while driving.
The vehicle number is and it was given for repair as I was facing alignment and suspension problem. After I drove back from the garage, I noticed that the problem still exists, to be honest, the problem grew worse. This is something that I had not expected from your garage. I am unhappy with the improper vehicle repair and expect a proper repair at the earliest and I will pay for it only after it’s done right.

Hope you are fine and delivering best to your customers. But I have a complaint about your workshop. I had repaired my car from the workshop of your showroom. My car was missing acceleration while putting it in high gears. The mechanic at the workshop diagnosed that fuel pump was weak and same has changed accordingly. The vehicle performance got better but not up to the required standard. Then I went to the other workshop to take the second opinion from other mechanic and he detected that two fuel injectors out of four were chock. However, as a preventive measure, he changed all the fuel injectors and performance of my car became tremendous. I regret to say that if this wrong practice of hit and trial diagnosis remains continue at your workshop then you would lose numbers of your valuable customers.
Sincerely,
Kevin Alexander.
